= Queueable

Queueable is a library for measuring the tolerance of various
communication APIs to concurrent messaging. Queueable aims to
discover which backend communication libraries provide the best
foundation to build highly concurrent programs.

Queueable consists of a base class interface that should be
subclassed for each backend. The base class is designed to
minimize developer effort while sharing as much code as possible
between backends. For each test, Queueable performs this rough
set of steps:

  - before_fork() - initialize server resources
  - fork()
      - for the server
      - after_fork() - setup server-specific resources
      - test_enqueue - enqueue 1,000,000 items in batches of 1000
      - cleanup() - signal clients to close

      - for each client
      - after_fork() - setup client-specific resources
      - test_dequeue() - dequeue 1,000,000 items in batches of 1000
      - cleanup() - close client-specific resources

This process is repeated up to the maximum number of threads and
maximum message size.

== Backends

Queueable currently supports the following backends:

* TCP Sockets
* Unix Domain Stream Sockets
* Unix Domain Datagram Sockets
* POSIX Message Queues

== Default Parameters

Queueable uses several default parameters as defined in run_queueable.cpp.
These are used to define tests. Queueable is designed to vary both message size
and the number of threads up to a maximum. By default, these are message sizes
up to 4096 bytes (where supported by the backend) and up to 32 threads.

== Building

Queueable should be built with a simple +make+:

  $ make

== Running tests

+make+ creates an executable named +run_queueable+. It can be invoked manually
or using

  $ make test

Upon finishing the tests, Queueable will output a single XML file in your local
directory with the test results. It will list a curl command to upload the
test results to http://queueable.herokuapp.com .

Upon submitting your results, you will be given a link to add more detailed
information about your test results.

== License

Queueable is released under the MIT license. See LICENSE.txt for details.

== Author

Adam Lamar
